Chore: [M3-6511] Changeset BOT (#9137)
linode/manager: packages/manager/scripts/changelog/compiled/README.md

# Changelog BOT

This is the file that the GH Action workflow will consume. Compiling avoids having to install the dependencies in the GH workflow.

> It only need to be generated if changing anything to ../changeset-bot.mjs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It only needs to be generated if changing anything in ../changeset-bot.mjs.
```

Nitpicking here to make it clearer, but an optional change.
